Docs: API overview text clarity & kv2 mention... #16746 (#16748)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/api-docs/index.mdx

methods/etc. sometimes have minor changes to accommodate new features as
they're developed.

> 

Reviewer: The request PATH difference seems to be one of the most obvious differences between v1 and v2, but this change seem to be dropping this bit of information all together?

Author: @benashz I've added a specific note on URI path differences and features.

## API Operations

All request data, body and response data to and from Vault is JSON except in a 

> few exceptional cases that are documented. Vault sets the `Content-Type` header 

Reviewer: I would omit the last bit about being `documented` unless  you can provide a link to said documentation.

Author: Ok let me see what I can do here - the original and current docs do note the same exception but you are right without linking it's not helpful - all those other cases are by user request in any case (I was thinking like some PKI endpoints that provide binary).

appropriately with its response and does not require it from the clients 
request.

Authentication and Secret engines, that are also referred to as backends or 
mounts, differ in their implementation of APIs according to functionality and 

> how they're authored.

Reviewer: This sentence is hard to parse. I am not sure what it is  trying to be  conveyed by this statement. Are you trying to say that each API may have a unique implementation/design?

The demonstration below are using the `KVv1` secrets engine, which is a 

> simple Key/Value store. Please read the API documentation of secret engine or 

Author: added KVv1 API links

> authentication engine for detailed information on their use. 

Author: I will correct this on the next commit.

There are documented difference in the path schemes as well as other 
functionality which may be applicable as for example with [`KVv2` compared to `KVv1`].

> 

Author: There was some feedback originally on how difference in KV1 / KV2 is not explicit spelt out. The original does seem a bit generic - but please do suggest any alterative that you may see as more suitable.

> 

Reviewer: You could provide a table of differences, or comparable usage examples for each.

> 

Author: @benashz I think as an intro the way it is at present can suffice and just listing differences KVv2 in any table could be the bulk of the page (especially since KV2 has so much more) rather than this page just being a quick overview and intro into how API calls are made.

the request body.

You can list secrets as well. To do this, either issue a GET with the query

> parameter `list=true`, or you use the `LIST` HTTP verb. For the `kv` secrets 

Reviewer: You may want to put caveat portion of this statement in italics.

Author: @benashz do you mean the `or` or which portion do you think should be made italic?

Reviewer: I think we can ignore this comment. I may have misinterpreted it.

## Help

> To retrieve the help for any API within Vault, including mounted engine, auth

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To retrieve the help for any API within Vault, including mounted engines, auth
```

methods, etc. then append `?help=1` to any URL. If you have valid permission to

> access the path, then the help text will be return a markdown-formatted block 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
access the path, then the help text will be returned as a markdown-formatted block 
```
